Add docs steps to create machine-id data dir and systemd enablement (#22463)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/machine-id/machine-id-init-bot-data.mdx

> 

Reviewer: Remove the empty line. If you want to put an empty line before the content, that should be done where the partial is included, not here.

> Create the bot data directory and give permissions for the `teleport` to maintain.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Create the bot data directory and grant permissions to access it to the Linux user (in our example, `teleport`) which `tbot` will run as.
```
